solace solace nygma
the phone Raven Oh Raven
definitely going to have to play a
mixture of both offensively and
defensively on this one because she yep
that's why
okay she's she's learned her lesson
she's gonna block flow now where is she
I try to get a grab honor let's trade
ouch flip sides oh damn girl there you
go whoa where'd that come from she's
gonna try to teleport
oh ok I have two super Oh
OOP get it that was a pretty lame game
but football I think I've done the flash
is super more than anyone elses because
I hardly ever use meter with them the
only time I do is with a bounce cancel
alright GTD off in okay guys this is
going to be my last match for this
episode alright if you've liked it so
far hit that like button we'll see come
on Aquaman up that
thank you why does everyone pick that
level probably because I think I think
it has probably the most are the least
interactable maybe that's why people
like it
oh man okay this guy oh very nice very
nice oh crap
oh okay he's gonna throw that thing at
me it's like a free twenty percent
using my super ba
ah I know that's why I doesn't like
that's why he picked Atlantis probably
because he probably hates getting here
with those interactable so I finished
them off with one pretty much all right
guys that's going to do it for this
episode of going online with the flash
and if you guys like this video do me a
huge favor and hit up that like button
and if you're not already a dingo then
subscribe for tons of injustice
tutorials and videos and stuff and all
right I'll see you guys on the next
episode bye
I